# WikiApplication
The Wiki application must use a List of a simple class which implements an IComparable interface. This single class must have the following attributes: Name, Category, Structure and Definition, (refer Data Structure Matrix at the end of this document). Following the success of the prototype, management would like the user to have the following functionality: user can add, edit and delete Data Structure information. During this process the system must be able to prevent duplicate Names and filter out numeric or special character input. The user can select a Data Structure name from the list of Names and the associated information will be displayed in the related text boxes. The application must have a search feature so a user can find a specific Data Structure by entering the Name into the search textbox and clicking the search button, if the Name is found the associated information will be displayed in the related text boxes. The search textbox must clear when the search is completed and refocus the I beam cursor into the Name textbox. After a successful search the Data Structure Name in the list must be highlighted; a double mouse click in the Name input box which will clear all textboxes, this must have an associated tool tip. The Wiki application will save data when the form closes. There are two buttons for the manual open and save option; this must use a dialog box to select a file or rename a saved file. All wiki data is stored/retrieved using a binary file format. All user interactions must have full error trapping and feedback messaging which is displayed in a status strip at the bottom of the form. Use a message box for all critical errors with caption and icon.
